Add documentation for gcp-bucket module (#3994)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/gcp-bucket.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. _gcp-bucket:

gcp-bucket
==========

.. versionadded:: 4.3.0

.. topic:: XML section name

	.. code-block:: xml

		<gcp-bucket>
		</gcp-bucket>

This configuration section is used to configure the Google Cloud Storage bucket module.

Options
-------

Main options
^^^^^^^^^^^^

- `enabled`_
- `logging`_
- `bucket type`_

Scheduling options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- `run_on_start`_
- `interval`_
- `day`_
- `wday`_
- `time`_

enabled
^^^^^^^

This indicates if the module is enabled or disabled.

+--------------------+--------------+
| **Default value**  | n/a          |
+--------------------+--------------+
| **Allowed values** | yes, no      |
+--------------------+--------------+

logging
^^^^^^^^

Toggle between the different logging levels.

+--------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | info                                       |
+--------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | disabled/info/debug/warning/error/critical |
+--------------------+--------------------------------------------+

bucket type
^^^^^^^^^^^

> Defines a bucket to process. Must have its attribute ``type`` defined. (Supports multiple instances of this option).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines a bucket to process. It must have its ``type`` attribute defined. (Supports multiple instances of this option).
```

Bucket options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- `bucket\\name`_
- `bucket\\credentials_file`_
- `bucket\\path`_
- `bucket\\only_logs_after`_
- `bucket\\remove_from_bucket`_

type
^^^^

> Specifies type of bucket. Is an attribute of the ``bucket`` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies type of bucket. It is an attribute of the ``bucket`` tag.
```

+--------------------+-------------+
| **Default value**  | N/A         |
+--------------------+-------------+
| **Allowed values** | access_logs |
+--------------------+-------------+

bucket\\name
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Name of the Google Cloud Storage bucket from where logs are read.

+--------------------+-----------------------------+
| **Default value**  | N/A                         |
+--------------------+-----------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | Any valid bucket name       |
+--------------------+-----------------------------+

bucket\\credentials_file
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This setting specifies the path to the Google Cloud credentials file in JW Tokens. Allows both relative (to $HOME_INSTALLATION) and absolute paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting specifies the path to the Google Cloud credentials file in JW Tokens. It allows both relative (to $HOME_INSTALLATION) and absolute paths.
```
Do not omit the pronoun here. Please check this whole file.

+--------------------+--------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | n/a                            |
+--------------------+--------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | Any path to a credentials file |
+--------------------+--------------------------------+

For example ``<credentials_file>wodles/gcp-bucket/credentials.json</credentials_file>``.

bucket\\path
^^^^^^^^^^^^

If defined, the path or prefix for the bucket.

+--------------------+---------------+
| **Default value**  | N/A           |
+--------------------+---------------+
| **Allowed values** | Valid path    |
+--------------------+---------------+

bucket\\only_logs_after
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A valid date, in YYYY-MMM-DD format, that only logs from after that date will be parsed. All logs from before that date will be skipped.

+--------------------+-------------+
| **Default value**  | 1970-JAN-01 |
+--------------------+-------------+
| **Allowed values** | Valid date  |
+--------------------+-------------+

bucket\\remove_from_bucket
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Define if you want to remove logs from your Google Cloud Storage bucket after they are read by the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define if logs from your Google Cloud Storage bucket will be removed after they are read by the module.
```

+--------------------+---------+
| **Default value**  | yes     |
+--------------------+---------+
| **Allowed values** | yes, no |
+--------------------+---------+

interval
^^^^^^^^

Interval between module executions.

+--------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | 1h                                                                                                                                                             |
+--------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | A positive number that should contain a suffix character indicating a time unit, such as, s (seconds), m (minutes), h (hours), d (days), w (weeks), M (months) |
+--------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

day
^^^

> Day of the month to run the fetch logs from GCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Day of the month to run the script to fetch logs from GCP.
```
